Enable basic bootc-image-builder tests [HMS-10851] (#2467)
osbuild/images: bootc-image-builder/README.md

| --chown           | chown the output directory to match the specified UID:GID                                                 |       ❌      |
| --output          | output the artifact into the given output directory                                                       |      `.`      |
| --progress        | Show progress in the given format, supported: verbose,term,debug. If empty it is auto-detected            |     `auto`    |
| **--rootfs**      | Root filesystem type. Overrides the default from the source container. Supported values: ext4, xfs, btrfs |       ❌      |
| **--type**        | [Image type](#-image-types) to build (can be passed multiple times)                                       |     `qcow2`   |
| --target-arch     | [Target arch](#-target-architecture) to build                                                             |       ❌      |
| --log-level       | Change log level (debug, info, error)                                                                     |     `error`   |
| -v,--verbose      | Switch output/progress to verbose mode (implies --log-level=info)                                         |     `false`   |

> | --use-librepo     | Download rpms using librepo (faster and more robust)                                                      |     `false`   |

Reviewer: These things will not be very easy to maintain, can we just suggest users read `--help`?

Author: The README could definitely use some love, I agree.  I didn't want to go through it as it was just a copy from the one in the bootc-image-builder repository.  My thinking was it is still a useful reference for as long as the container is around.  I'll make a note to review it at a later time.

`bootc-image-builder` will build for the native host architecture. The target architecture
must match an available architecture of the `bootc-image-builder` image you are using to build the disk image.
Navigate to the [centos-image-builder repository tags page](https://quay.io/repository/centos-bootc/bootc-image-builder?tab=tags)
and hover over the Tux icons to see the supported target architectures.
The architecture of the bootc OCI image and the bootc-image-builder image must match. For example, when building
a non-native architecture bootc OCI image, say, building for x86_64 from an arm-based Mac, it is possible to run
`podman build` with the `--platform linux/amd64` flag. In this case, to then build a disk image from the same arm-based Mac,
you should provide `--target-arch amd64` when running the `bootc-image-builder` command.

## Progress types

The following progress types are supported:

* verbose: No spinners or progress bar, just information and full osbuild output
* term: Terminal based output, spinner, progressbar and most details of osbuild are hidden
* debug: Details how the progress is called, mostly useful for bugreports

> Note that when no value is given the progress is auto-detected baed on the environment. When `stdin` is a terminal the "term" progress is used, otherwise "verbose". The output of `verbose` is exactaly the same as it was before progress reporting was implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when no value is given the progress is auto-detected based on the environment. When `stdin` is a terminal the "term" progress is used, otherwise "verbose". The output of `verbose` is exactly the same as it was before progress reporting was implemented.
```

#### Allowed mountpoints and sizes

The following restrictions and rules apply, unless the rootfs is `btrfs`:
- `/` can be specified to set the desired (minimum) size of the root filesystem. The final size of the filesystem, mounted at `/sysroot` on a booted system, is the value specified in this configuration or 2x the size of the base container, whichever is largest.
- `/boot`can be specified to set the desired size of the boot partition.
- Subdirectories of `/var` are supported, but symlinks in `/var` are not. For example, `/var/home` and `/var/run` are symlinks and cannot be filesystems on their own.
- `/var` itself cannot be a mountpoint.

The `rootfs` option (or source container config, see [Detailed description of optional flags](#detailed-description-of-optional-flags) section) defines the filesystem type for the root filesystem. Currently, creation of btrfs subvolumes at build time is not supported. Therefore, if the `rootfs` is `btrfs`, no custom mountpoints are supported under `/var`.  Only `/` and `/boot` can be configured.

### Anaconda ISO (installer) options (`installer`, mapping)

> Users can include kickstart file content that will be added to an ISO build to configure the installation process. When using custom kickstart scripts the customization needs to be done via the custom kickstart script. For example using a `[customizations.user]` block alongside a `[customizations.installer.kickstart]` block is not supported. See this issue [https://github.com/osbuild/bootc-image-builder/issues/528] for additional detail.

Reviewer: Not necessarily, I just found those brackets out of place.
```suggestion
Users can include kickstart file content that will be added to an ISO build to configure the installation process. When using custom kickstart scripts the customization needs to be done via the custom kickstart script. For example using a `[customizations.user]` block alongside a `[customizations.installer.kickstart]` block is not supported. See [this issue](https://github.com/osbuild/bootc-image-builder/issues/528) for additional detail.
```
